Brush a large non-stick frying pan with sunflower oil, using the tip of a pastry brush. Place the pan over a medium heat and add the bacon. Cook for 2 minutes until lightly browned, then turn and fry on the other side for another 3 minutes.

While the bacon is cooking, half fill a medium non-stick saucepan with water, add the vinegar and bring to the boil. Turn the heat to low, so the water is only just bubbling. Crack the eggs into the water, one at a time, spacing them well apart. Cook for 2½ minutes.

The eggs should rise to the surface within a minute. If the egg white sticks to the bottom of the pan, lift it gently with a wooden spoon. Alternatively, you can use a hob-top egg poacher, lightly greased with sunflower oil.

Add the tomatoes to the pan with the bacon and season with plenty of black pepper. Cook the tomatoes for about a minute until just beginning to soften, turning them once.

Put a small pile of watercress on each plate. Put some bacon and tomatoes on the plates and drizzle with a dash of balsamic vinegar. Take the eggs out of the water with a slotted spoon and place them on top. Season with a little more pepper and tuck in right away while it’s all lovely and hot.
Crack the eggs into a wide, shallow bowl, season and add the herbs, if using. Whisk with a fork.

Spread one side of each slice of bread with the tomato purée and sprinkle over the Worcestershire sauce.

Place the bread slices into the egg mixture and soak for 5 minutes, turning three times.

Heat the oil in a frying pan over a medium heat. Fry the tomatoes and egg-soaked bread for 3–4 minutes, turning halfway through, or until lightly browned on both sides. Serve immediately.

Arrange the ham in the bottom of a ramekin dish so that it forms a cup and place the basil inside. Spoon in the crème fraîche and crack in the egg. Sprinkle over the Red Leicester and season with salt and pepper.

Place the ramekin on a baking tray and bake for 15 minutes, or until cooked but the yolk is still a little runny.

Put the salad leaves on a plate, dress with a drizzle of oil and a squeeze of lemon juice and serve with the ham and egg pot. 
Heat a wok until smoking and add a tablespoon of the oil. Add the mushrooms, red pepper and bacon and stir-fry for one minute, or until crisp and golden-brown.

Add the stir-fry mixture to the beaten eggs and stir to combine.

Carefully wipe out any excess oil from the wok with kitchen paper. Place the wok over a high heat and add the remaining oil, swirling to coat the wok. Add half the beaten egg mixture and cook for 1-2 minutes, or until golden-brown on the underside. Flip the omelette over and cook for another minute on the other side, or until golden-brown and cooked through. Season with soy sauce and freshly ground white pepper. Slide onto on a warmed plate and cover with foil. Repeat with the remaining egg mixture.

To serve, fill the omelette with the spring onion, cooked chicken or ham and salad leaves. Spoon over the sweet chilli sauce and serve immediately.
Heat the olive oil in a large, lidded frying pan. Add the onions and peppers and season with salt and pepper. Cook on a medium heat until just softened. Add the garlic and cook for a further 2 minutes. Sprinkle in the cumin and caraway seeds and the cayenne pepper. Stir in the tomato or red pepper purée and cook for a couple more minutes until the paste starts to separate. Add the tomatoes with a splash of water.

Simmer for 10 minutes, uncovered, until reduced a little. Taste after 5 minutes and add a little sugar if you think the tomatoes need it. Keep an eye on the texture – you don’t want it runny, but it mustn’t get too dry, either. Add another splash of water if necessary. When the sauce is reduced, stir in the herbs.

Make 8 small wells in the sauce. Break an egg into a cup and drop carefully into a well, repeat with the remaining eggs. Cook for a few more minutes until the whites are just set and the yolks are still runny. Sprinkle over the crumbled feta. Serve with yogurt or labneh on the side.